# Database-Management-System
Software Quality - Project  Goal  Develop and test a simple database management system.  Phase 1 - application development  Specifications  Definition of a file format for storing the tables. There are no constraints about the file format (text, XML, fixed- or variable-length fields etc.). Database creation/deletion/change. Table creation/deletion/change. Operations on tables: record insertion/deletion/update, selection. Import from/export to one other format: text (tab-separated), CSV, XML, etc. Command-line and graphical interface. Permanent communication with the beneficiary is necessary, so feel free to ask any questions you may have about the requirements. Programs that do not do what they are supposed to, due to misunderstanding the requirements, will be penalized.  The recommended programming languages are C# and Java. It is however allowed to choose any other language, provided there are unit testing and mocking tools for it, as well as assertions (which must be language-specific, apart from unit testing assertions); all these will be necessary during the next phases.  It is recommended to design a program structure as simple as possible, without including any additional features than the ones mentioned above. The goal is to create a working version of the program, not necessarily fully stable or error-free, on which testing techniques will subsequently be applied.  The access to the files will be low-level, not making use of specialized libraries (e.g., for parsing XML files).  Throughout the project phases it is also necessary to write the documentation, which will be delivered in the final phase.  Deadlines  Set up the composition of the teams (3-4 persons): April 27 Finalize the program development: May 4
